# Analyzing-the-Effects-of-Ocean-Pollution-in-Future
SQL, 
Entity Relationship Diagram, 
Dimension Table, 
Fact Table,
Tableau


The ocean plays a significant role in the ecosystem of the planet because it produces more than half of the world’s oxygen and absorbs 50 times more carbon dioxide than our atmosphere (“Why should we”, 2017). Ocean also contributes to a huge diversity in the ecology of marine life. However, the massive amount of carbon dioxide and debris entering the ocean is altering the quality of the ocean. The Pacific Ocean dataset from 2010 to 2017 will be used to analyze the quality of ocean water. The reason for choosing the Pacific Ocean is because it contains the most debris on the ocean. The collection of debris is so large in the ocean that it is renowned as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch (“Garbage Patches”, 2013). The main objective of this project is to know the effects of the carbon dioxide and debris on the quality of the ocean within that period. Since the dataset span is only for 7 years, this project hypothesizes that atmospheric carbon dioxide, salinity, and temperature will not change the quality of the ocean. However, if there is a change, it is important to analyze the condition of the ocean in the future, and review if it is sustainable in our succeeding generation. To conduct this project, the researcher will review different literature articles, and identify critical research questions. The researcher will create the database using SQL and find the answers to those critical questions using queries and displayed in the statistical visualization using Tableau. The result from the data analysis showed that there has been an increase in the carbon dioxide, sea surface temperature in the Pacific Ocean between those 7 years. The salinity of the ocean has changed and there are massive plastics present in the Pacific Ocean.
